You may copy and redistribute this material in any medium or format, remix,
transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially
subject to deletion of Mozilla Campus Club CET wordings from the document unless
you are working on behalf of the organisation or have got proper rights from the
organisation to do so.

                             Mozilla Campus Club CET
        Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") V1.0

              Thank you for your interest in software development lead by
Mozilla Campus Club CET. In order to clarify the intellectual property license
granted with Contributions from any person or entity, Mozilla Campus Club CET
must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file/records that has been
signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below.
This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection
of Mozilla Campus Club CET and its developed software's users; it does not
change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose. If you
have not already done so, please read and sign. Please read this document
carefully before signing and keep a copy for your records.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and
future Contributions submitted to Mozilla Campus Club CET. In return,
the Mozilla Campus Club CET shall not use Your Contributions in a way that is
contrary to the public benefit. Except for the license granted herein to Mozilla
Campus Club CET and recipients of software distributed by it, You reserve all
right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1.  Definitions.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized
    by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Mozilla Campus
    Club CET. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other
    entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
    that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of
    this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause
    the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
    otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
    outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

    "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any
    modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally
    submitted by You to Mozilla Campus Club CET for inclusion in, or
    documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by the Mozilla Campus
    Club CET (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
    means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
    Mozilla Campus Club CET or its representatives, including but not limited to
    communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
    issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Mozilla Campus
    Club CET for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
    communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
    writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2.  Grant of Copyright License.

    Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
    Mozilla Campus Club CET and to recipients of software distributed by Mozilla
    Campus Club CET a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
    royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative
    works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute
    Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3.  Grant of Patent License.

    Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
    Mozilla Campus Club CET and to recipients of software distributed by Mozilla
    Campus Club CET a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
    royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license
    to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer
    the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
    by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by
    combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such
    Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation
    against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in
    a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have
    contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then
    any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that
    Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is
    filed.

4.  You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If
    your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that
    includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission
    to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has
    waived such rights for your Contributions to Mozilla Campus Club CET, or
    that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Mozilla Campus
    Club CET.

5.  You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see
    section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your
    Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license
    or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and
    trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with
    any part of Your Contributions.

6.  You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to
    the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free,
    for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
    writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including,
    without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
    MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7.  Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may
    submit it to Mozilla Campus Club CET separately from any Contribution,
    identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other
    restriction(including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and
    license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously
    marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8.  You agree to notify Mozilla Campus Club CET of any facts or circumstances of
    which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in
    any respect.

9.  You agree to the fact that this document can be further modified by Mozilla
    Campus Club CET, whenever the organisation wishes to do so. You agree that
    it is your duty to carefully verify the CLA before pushing commits once you
    sign it. You agree to the fact that modified versions of this CLA is also
    valid, and will be considered signed as such in the future.

Name: Jilvin Jacob
E-mail: jilvinjacob@gmail.com
